Your individual description of your role in the project team

The name of our project is Restaurant Food Delivery and Pickup Software 
System (RFPDS). It is an online food ordering system for individual restaurant 
or especially food truck, which allows customers to get their food delivered 
to their door or takeout from a specific restaurant. Through this web application, 
customers can view the menu and pricing information. Also, they can select 
menu, change menu, add into cart and checkout securely. Customers an sign-up and 
login the application and get it delivered up to 10-mile radius from the restaurant. 
Customers also has an option to pay at the store. With the technology evolving 
in every sector, online food ordering system has become popular in the present 
restaurant industry to compete within the market and to serve customers in a 
better way. And we believe this design will serve the purpose.

My role in this project is system design, building, and testing. 

In first two weeks, I gathered requirement. I used interviews, questionnaires, 
and observations techniques to gather the requirements of fully functional web application. 
I built two web pages; signup and login pages using Microsoft Visual Studio. I have alos built a Home page, 
Sign up page, and Login Page. I have created CSS files for all the page I have created and 
finished the design. I have created JavaScript files to validate the forms and check the accuracy of the 
information that user input and connect them with .aspx files. I have also created C# files for the pages 
above for server-side development and successfully connected the front side HTML content with the database 
side. So far, user and admin can successfully sign up and log in to the website. I also worked on a part 
of master page content to create consistency throughout the web pages. I have also worked on menu page, add to 
cart page, and payment page, their CSS files, JavaScript files and C# files for server side.
Now, user can add or remove items from the cart. Then user is proceed to check out and see total bill, 
the page will ask user to log in. Once user is logged in, it will provide option to pay online or at the 
store. In order to keep consistancy through out the web pages, master page is created, which displays similar 
layout in all web pages. I have created database and sucessfully connected signup page with the database. 
I also sucessfully logged in to the page as a user.I have created admin pannel and sucessfully logged in as an 
administrator. As an administrator, i am able to perform following functions: change menu, 
change price information, add menu, view order, and view users information. 
